docs: revise documentation (#27)
defi-wonderland/prophet-modules: docs/src/content/modules/dispute/bond_escalation_module.md

- `pledgeForDispute`: Lets a user pledge in favor of a dispute.
- `pledgeAgainstDispute`: Lets a user pledge against a dispute.
- `settleBondEscalation`: Settles the bond escalation process of a given request, allowing the winning pledgers to withdraw their funds from the bond escalation accounting extension.

### Request Parameters

- `accountingExtension`: The address of the accounting extension associated with the given request.
- `bondToken`: The address of the token associated with the given request.
- `bondSize`: The amount to bond to dispute or propose an answer for the given request.
- `maxNumberOfEscalations`: The maximum allowed escalations or pledges for each side during the bond escalation process.
- `bondEscalationDeadline`: The timestamp at which bond escalation process finishes when pledges are not tied.
- `tyingBuffer`: The number of seconds to extend the bond escalation process to allow the losing party to tie if at the end of the initial deadline the pledges weren't tied.
- `disputeWindow`: The number of seconds disputers have to challenge the proposed response since its creation.

## 3. Key Mechanisms & Concepts

> - **Bond Escalation**: The process of rasing stakes and pledging for one of the sides of a dispute. The sides take turns bonding funds until the bond escalation deadline. If the number of pledges in favor of the dispute is not equal to the number of pledges against the dispute at the end of the bond escalation deadline plus the tying buffer, the bond escalation accountancy can settled. In case of a tie, the dispute must be escalated to the resolution module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bond Escalation**: The process of raising stakes and pledging for one of the sides of a dispute. The sides take turns bonding funds until the bond escalation deadline is met. If the number of pledges in favor of the dispute is not equal to the number of pledges against the dispute at the end of the bond escalation deadline plus the tying buffer, the bond escalation accountancy can be settled. In case of a tie, the dispute must be escalated to the resolution module.
```
